README.md, before:

# Wealthy Mi

### Wealthy You

<!-- [Launch Website](<insert website URL>) -->

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ssjkhan/wealthy-mi/main/images/Jan18-Capture1.gif)

Wealthy Mi helps users develop fundamental financial literacy skills and create a plan that works for them. Track your expenses, manage your time, and achieve your goals stress-free!

Wealthy Mi is a personal finance application created as development exercise for using a modern MERN-stack (MongoDB, ExpressJS, React, NodeJS) and implementing Agile workflow practices. 

<!-- ### Pages -->

<!-- #### Dashboard
<screenshots of Dashboard>

#### My Expenses
<screenshots of My Expenses Page>

#### My Goals 
<screenshots of My Goals Page> -->

### Installation 
1. Clone this repo <code>https://github.com/ssjkhan/wealthy-mi/tree/dev</code>
2. <code>npm i</code> from root folder to install npm packages
3. Create <code>.env</code> files in the <code>server</code> directory.
4. Set environment variables for: 
    - <code>DATABASE_URL</code> and use your database connection as its value
    - <code>JWT_KEY=<your_key></code> 
5. <code>npm start</code> within <code>instant-messaging</code> directory to run React
6. Run <code>nodemon</code> within <code>server</code> directory to run server
10. Enter <code>localhost:<your_port></code> into your browser to launch the app. 


### Technologies
- MongoDB
- Express
- React/Redux
- Node
- JavaScript (ES6)
- CSS3/Sass/Bootstrap
- HTML5
- Jest

<!-- ### In Progress -->
<!-- [Keep up-to-date with our project!](<insert publicly-accessible mattermost URL >) -->

### Contact
Saad Khan 
- [saad@ssjkhan.dev](saad@ssjkhan.dev)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/ssjkhan)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/saad-khan-softwaredev/)

Ralph Tungol 
- [rarttungol@gmail.com](rarttungol@gmail.com)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/tungolra)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-tungol/)

Commit message:

Dev (#31)
* Task: Export expenses to CSV

T-044: functionality to export expense data to CSV file complete on ExpenseTable.jsx

* Task: Delete function for Category

T-040: delete function for category complete

* Bug fix: edit function on client side

B-003: Clicking edit button now populating data of selected expense

* Task: Expense currency formatting

T-043: add helper function in expenseTable component to format Amounts

* Tasks: Create and Edit functions for Category

T-045: edit function for category on server and client-side complete; add refresh button on ExpenseTable after category is updated
T-046: create function for category on server and client-side complete

* Bug: preventing duplicate entries for categories and expenses

B-004: adding titleCase helper to modify strings pre-save or pre-updatefor categories and expenses

* Bug: preventing duplicate entries for Categories

B-004: update to createExpense function to titleCase str passed into helper function

* Bug fix: preventing duplicate entries for categories and expenses

B-004: updates to ctrlr fxs to prevent duplicate categories in expenses.js and categories.js

* Task: ReadMe

Updates to README.md

* Task: ReadMe

updates to README.md

README.md, after:

# Wealthy Mi

### Wealthy You

<!-- <a target="_blank">[Launch Website](<insert website URL>)</a> -->

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ssjkhan/wealthy-mi/main/images/Jan18-Capture1.gif)

Wealthy Mi helps users develop fundamental financial literacy skills and create a plan that works for them. Track your expenses, manage your time, and achieve your goals stress-free!

Wealthy Mi is a personal finance application created as development exercise for using a modern MERN-stack (MongoDB, ExpressJS, React, NodeJS) and implementing Agile workflow practices. 

<!-- ### Pages -->

<!-- #### Dashboard
<screenshots of Dashboard>

#### My Expenses
<screenshots of My Expenses Page>

#### My Goals 
<screenshots of My Goals Page> -->

### Installation 
1. Clone this repo <code>https://github.com/ssjkhan/wealthy-mi/tree/dev</code>
2. <code>npm i</code> from root directory to install npm packages
3. Create a <code>.env</code> file in the <code>server</code> directory.
4. Set environment variables for: 
    - <code>DATABASE_URL</code> and use your database connection as its value
    - <code>JWT_KEY=<your_key></code> 
5. <code>npm start</code> within <code>client</code> directory to run React
6. Run <code>nodemon</code> within <code>server</code> directory to run server
7. Enter <code>localhost:<your_port></code> into your browser to launch the app. 


### Technologies
- MongoDB
- Express
- React/Redux
- Node
- JavaScript (ES6)
- CSS3/Sass/Bootstrap
- HTML5
- Jest

### In Progress
<a target="_blank"> [Keep up-to-date with our project!](https://ssjkhan-dev.cloud.mattermost.com/plugins/focalboard/team/upxt4777bjnbbksgseh6rp5sqc/shared/b36soedahfffumydnaxa7f6jyxw/v3633xjehi7gqikhgu1gkkcscec?r=kcr11b9h8i4thcnx6fr8mi514gy)</a>

### Contact
Saad Khan 
- [saad@ssjkhan.dev](saad@ssjkhan.dev)
- <a target="_blank">[GitHub](https://github.com/ssjkhan)</a>
- <a target="_blank">[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/saad-khan-softwaredev/)</a>

Ralph Tungol 
- [rarttungol@gmail.com](rarttungol@gmail.com)
- <a target="_blank">[GitHub](https://github.com/tungolra)</a>
- <a target="_blank">[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-tungol/)</a>
